README.md, before:

# ImageMatch
ImageMatch tries to evaluate whether one image is a sub image of another image
It support a diverse set of matching algorithms from a simple full search to a histogram approach as well as keypoint based matching.


## Examples
[corr matcher example] (src/com/sleepycoders/imagematch/matcher/CorrelationMatcher.java)
usage: java imagematch matcher corr src.image out.image sub.image
you can use different metrics and likeness thresholds for the correlation matcher
it will produce a list of matching candidates sorted desc sorted by likeness
results: test-sub.png 	offset: 204x181 size: 312x280

<img src="doc/img/test-src.png" width="45%"></img> <img src="doc/img/test-sub-out.png" width="45%"></img>


[sepia filter example] (src/com/sleepycoders/imagematch/effect/Effect.java)
usage: java imagematch filter sepia src.image out.image

<img src="doc/img/test-src.png" width="45%"></img> <img src="doc/img/test-sepia-out.png" width="45%"></img>


## Matchers
- corr: can be used with a custom metric + likeness threshold
- naiv: runs an exact matcher on each window slice
- exact: compares two images for equality


## Metrics:
- ColorDifference: calculates the absolute sum of difference for all color channels
- NormalizedColorDifference: maps the absolute color difference into a [0,1] range
- NormalizedEqualityDifference: calculates the difference of each pixels color channel


## Filters:
- sepia: applys a sepia filter to the image
- red: extracts the red color channel from an image
- green: extracts the green color channel from an image
- blue: extracts the blue color channel from an image


## Disclaimer
Published under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

added design decisions to readme

README.md, after:

# ImageMatch
ImageMatch tries to evaluate whether one image is a sub image of another image
It support a diverse set of matching algorithms from a simple full search to a histogram approach as well as keypoint based matching.

## Design Decisions
since java's awt BufferedImage was to [slow](doc/img/profiling-before.png) for a big amount of getRGB calls.
I decided to only use it for loading and writing of image data and internally use my own
Image Class, that does not support any color model conversions or any of the additional
BufferedImage functionality that we don't need.

Instead it just provides the ability to have efficient arbitrary sliced views on the underlying image data
without having to allocate additional copies of the data as well as to convert to and from a buffered Image


## Matchers
- corr: can be used with a custom metric + likeness threshold
- naiv: runs an exact matcher on each window slice
- exact: compares two images for equality


## Metrics:
- ColorDifference: calculates the absolute sum of difference for all color channels
- NormalizedColorDifference: maps the absolute color difference into a [0,1] range
- NormalizedEqualityDifference: calculates the difference of each pixels color channel


## Filters:
- sepia: applys a sepia filter to the image
- red: extracts the red color channel from an image
- green: extracts the green color channel from an image
- blue: extracts the blue color channel from an image


## Examples
[corr matcher example] (src/com/sleepycoders/imagematch/matcher/CorrelationMatcher.java)
usage: java imagematch matcher corr src.image out.image sub.image
you can use different metrics and likeness thresholds for the correlation matcher
it will produce a list of matching candidates sorted desc sorted by likeness
results: test-sub.png 	offset: 204x181 size: 312x280

<img src="doc/img/test-src.png" width="45%"></img> <img src="doc/img/test-sub-out.png" width="45%"></img>


[sepia filter example] (src/com/sleepycoders/imagematch/effect/Effect.java)
usage: java imagematch filter sepia src.image out.image

<img src="doc/img/test-src.png" width="45%"></img> <img src="doc/img/test-sepia-out.png" width="45%"></img>


## Disclaimer
Published under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
